[Music]
hey check this out
discover which side of your brain is
dominant with this simple test so how
well do you know your own brain we all
know that each side of our brain is
responsible for different actions and
ways of thinking one side is usually a
bit more developed which can explain a
lot of our talents and skills and
actions so which is your dominant side
let's find out together but before we
start don't forget to subscribe to our
channel and turn on notifications now
you won't miss any of our new videos so
you'll need two pieces of paper and a
pen for this test are you ready then
let's begin question number one the
first thing you have to do is put your
hands in a risk lock grip we'll give you
some time to do it which thumb is on the
top if it's the left thumb write down
the letter R on your piece of paper if
it's the right thumb it's a letter L for
you there's no mistake here don't worry
each side of your brain controls the
opposite side of your body that's why
the left thumb is for the right side of
your brain and the right thumb is for
the left side yeah it is a little
confusing but hang with me question
number two grab your pen and stretch out
your hand while holding it look at the
tip of your pen as if you're aiming it
keep looking at it and close your left
eye open it after a couple of seconds
and close your right eye instead in
which case does the image shift to the
side will give you a couple of seconds
to figure it out
[Music]
if it's when your left eye is closed
then it's the letter R if it's when the
right ones closed write down L if the
shift is the same for both eyes put down
zero question number three fold your
arms across your chest which hand sits
on top the letters are the same it's R
for the left hand and L for the right
hand question number four now applaud as
you usually do
go ahead clap oh thank you thank you
very much again which of your hands is
on the top right down are for the left
one and L for the right why question
number five sit down and cross your legs
if you instantly put your left leg on
your right one right down R if
everything's opposite and you put your
right leg on your left
you need an L question six now let's get
a bit cheeky can you wink at me I'm
waiting
whew that was smooth anyways if you weep
with your left eye litter are
characterized as you best if you weep
with your right eye time to put down the
letter L question seven time for more
action stand up and rotate on your axis
a little are you doing it in a clockwise
or counterclockwise direction write down
our four a clockwise rotation and L for
counterclockwise
number eight for this one you'll need
your second piece of paper write down as
many vertical straight lines as you want
without counting now do the same thing
holding the pen with your other hand you
can put this video on pause until you're
done now count how many lines you wrote
with your left hand and how many with
your right hand if you wrote more with
your left hand your letter for this one
is R if you wrote more with your right
hand it's L if the two numbers are the
same write zero question number nine
draw a circle with an arrow at the end
on the same piece of paper do the circle
and arrow go in a clockwise or
counterclockwise direction just like the
previous question
it's R for clockwise and L for
counterclockwise and that's it now count
all of your arse and else and put them
into the final formula don't worry it's
easy you have to subtract the number of
ours from the number of ELLs then divide
your result by nine when that's done
multiply it by 100% again you can pause
the video to count everything carefully
[Music]
okay now it's finally time to find out
your results if you have more than 30
percent that means that the left side of
your brain is dominant if your result is
from 10 percent to 30 percent
it's the incomplete dominance of the
left side from minus 10 percent to 10
percent is the sign of an incomplete
dominance of the right side and less
than minus 10 percent is the true
dominance of the right side of your
brain but what does your dominant side
actually say about you if you have the
left side dominant that means you're
good at tasks where logic or critical
and analytical thinking are necessary
you're all so amazing at learning
languages and speaking you know your way
with words very well moreover your
skills with numbers are impressive
you're a person who mostly behaves
logically thinking through all the pros
and cons before doing anything
significant you easily build algorithms
or logical arguments basing them on
facts and dates and no one can beat you
at paying attention to detail you see
them first and with their help build the
whole picture people with a dominant
left side of the brain are usually
perceived as people of science people
with a dominant right side are
incredible with expressive and creative
tasks they recognize faces very easily
and can read you in your emotions like a
book they have extraordinary intuition
and imagination finding inspiration and
music and art the right side of our
brain processes information expressed in
symbols and images so people with right
side dominance can do it like no other
they often daydream and fantasize about
anything and everything
behave emotionally and express
themselves through their creative
hobbies such as drawing or playing an
instrument instead of paying more
attention to details they instantly see
the whole picture and then discover all
the detail
people with a dominant right side are
perceived as people of art so what side
of your brain turned out to be the
dominant one tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you